Add some additional HOWTO docs (#47)
sharesight/flappi: README.md

    bundle install

Create your initialization file, e.g. in **'initializers/flappi.rb'**
```ruby
Flappi.configure do |conf|
  conf.definition_paths = { 'default' => 'api_definitions' }    # Normally under your controller path
end
```

> Create a controller and route, e.g in **'controllers/adders_controller'**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a controller and route, e.g in **'app/controllers/adders_controller.rb'**:
```

Reviewer 2: +1

```ruby
class AddersController < ApplicationController
  def show
    Flappi.build_and_respond(self)
  end
end
```
and in **'config/routes.rb'**:

    resource :adder

> Flappi (currently) users the regular Rails routing and controller framework, so this is much as for an ordinary controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flappi (currently) uses the regular Rails routing and controller framework, so this is much as for an ordinary controller.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

(If you try the endpoint [http://localhost:3000/adder](http://localhost:3000/adder) now, you should get an error like: *'Endpoint Adders is not defined to API Builder'*)

> Now define the endpoint using the Flappi DSL. In **'controllers/api_definitions/adders.rb'**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now define the endpoint using the Flappi DSL. In **'app/controllers/api_definitions/adders.rb'**:
```

Reviewer 2: +1

  end
end
```
Now, if you access: [http://localhost:3000/adder.json?a=4](http://localhost:3000/adder.json?a=4) you should see the result:

    {
    "result": 4
    }

and similarly [http://localhost:3000/adder.json?a=4&b=22](http://localhost:3000/adder.json?a=4&b=22) (etc)

## Advanced

> - [Implementing a POST endpoint](file.POST.html)

Reviewer: Those links don't work. In GitHub those are resolved as `https://github.com/sharesight/flappi/blob/ft_moar_docz/file.POST.html` which doesn't exist.

Author: Because the HTML isn't deployed - when this is merged to master, they will be correct as part of the github page:
http://sharesight.github.com/flappi
